[Music]
all right hello welcome back to another
video in today's well I'm going to be
showing you some quick and super easy
even in meal ideas I did a meal prep
video last week and you guys really
liked it so I thought I'd do like an
even in dinner edition kind of thing
really really easy to make and just like
with some of my go-to so I'll get
straight into it I'd really appreciate
it if you could give this video and like
as it really helps my channel and
everything and let's go
so the first movie is going to be a tree
con carne and you're going to need some
meal prep containers or jars tins
whatever you prefer some rice of
preference I'm using a whole grain brown
rice I'll make sure I put the prices and
everything on the screen then some red
kidney beans obviously you could use
black beans and these are just of my
choice and some chopped tomatoes these
are all really cheap as well and
majority from Lidl or Aldi then some
garlic
these last quite a while as well as a
lot of clothes and onion and we've got
some peppers as well I love these
because you can just add them to every
meal basically then for our seasoning
I'm using an all-purpose one and paprika
I do think Marika is a must but
obviously she's what you've got in and
then I'm using a large container of lean
beef mince in the 5 percent so the
chopping board is out in full force
you're going to need one of those and
you're also going to need quite a large
pan don't try to cook this with like a
smaller one because there's a lot of
mixture so it's just gonna all overflow
been there done there and it's just a
nightmare so next I am chopping up a red
and a green pepper I always start with
my pets purchase because they can take a
little bit longer to soften and
everything and yet I'm just chopping
them into fine little bits but I know
everyone's got their different chopping
techniques then I'm using 3 grams of
extra virgin coconut oil you can buy
this from Tesco or any like major
supermarkets and then I'm just weighing
at 235 grams
pepper and just throwing that into the
pan at first and then just chopping an
onion up my eyes were streaming so much
I was filming this part it worked out
112 grams of onion that I was popping in
and then just mixing the peppers and
onions around
I always start this way as I just think
the feds always just taste it a bit
nicer and then I'm just chopping up some
garlic obviously you could use garlic
granules as well or like I know you do
little jars of chopped granule if you're
on a tight schedule ever but yeah I just
like to crush garlic this way and then
just pop that into the pan it was about
nine grams of garlic that I used then
I'm using quite a large portion of lean
beef statements obviously Hill
vegetarian you could use an alternative
or if you have like smaller portion
sizes or want it for less days you could
use a smaller size this is just what I
personally use and what worked for me
and everything like that and yet just
popping that in the pan this is what I
meant about you definitely needing a
super large pan and taking that weird
tissue thing off the top bit and I'm
just breaking up I have it on quite a
hot heat to do this part just to get it
all cooking nicely so just make sure
you're breaking your mince into small
chunks so that it can cook properly and
absorb the juices of all the veg and
everything so the next thing I'm doing
is popping my seasoning on I'm using
some paprika first and then going with
an all-purpose one I like to do this
quite early on and I just think it adds
to the taste it's just like chicken in
there
then next I'm just measuring out my eyes
whilst the mint is cooking and I'm using
592 grounds of uncooked rice this
creates such a large fortune like you've
got enough for like obviously the
mincemeat and then I know the chicken
dish and I use a ratio of one and a half
cups of water to like one cup of
uncooked rice so whilst my chili is just
cooking I'm going to make some right and
I've got one of these rice cookers I've
got off Amazon at human scale it's
actually changed the game right I don't
know what it was but me and cooking rice
in a pan just doesn't seem to ever pan
out so pan out oh my god Jesus so yeah
this is just super easy it cuts about 15
20 minutes I'm using the rice I've shown
you then once your mincemeat is all
browned and cooked I'm pouring the
drained red kidney beans onto this and
then just giving it a little stir around
and there next I'm choosing the tinned
tomatoes and just pouring that on to the
chili then I'm just leaving the chili to
simmer on a really low heat for about 30
to 40 minutes I'm you can transfer this
into like a smaller pan if you're using
the actual frying pan and just pop the
lid on it after the chili has simmered
and is ready to go into the containers I
am putting in to do 45 grams of the
mincemeat this is just my personal
portion size that obviously it'll be
different for everyone
and then you've got quite a bit in the
pan right if you've got a smell if you
live with someone else or whatever or
you could freeze the leftovers or
whatever or just use like less mincemeat
so rice is fully cooked and I'm just
pushing that out so I'm using like a
measuring on the scale 100 grams of rice
that is not actually under grams of rice
but obviously the water is absorbed by
it so it works out I like 50 grams of
actual rice and that's how I like to
measure it so whilst the chili is just
simmering and I'm going to start on the
next meal at which is like a chicken
chickpea kind of curry style a cleaner
version another for like 30 40 minutes
but it's not absolutely necessary
I think it adds a bit more flavour to it
so yeah we'll get into the next one also
at the rice is still just bubbling along
so this dish is just chicken breast mini
Phillips I've got these from literal
some chickpeas in water you could use or
any beans or anything that you prefer
some chopped tomatoes with basil you can
use garlic granules or obviously chopped
garlic whichever you prefer and then for
this I'm going to use this medium tika
curry powder and onion then I'm just
measuring out three grams of coconut oil
again just the same as the chili and I'm
just chopping my onion up into small
little chunks to throw in the pan to
start with and I'm using 60 grams of
onion and just weighed that out and
throwing that along the pan to start
with or like a medium heat then I'm
using the chicken breast Phillips and
popping them in the pan then I'm just
using some garlic granules obviously you
could use chopped garlic if you prefer
and also it's some curry powder on top I
like to seize my meat at this stage
usually and then mixing that around and
to keep the chicken moist and tender I
like to put a pan on top too then once
the chicken is all cooked through I'm
pouring the drained chickpeas in I'm
using 240 grams so next and poorly
informed grams of the chopped tomato
into the pan and just stir in that round
and I always like to finish we put in
the lid on top and just leaving on a
really low heat similar to the chili
then I'm just grabbing my containers for
the chicken and I'm about to start
pushing these out and making full
portions of 220 grams of chicken into
each one and I'll make sure I'll pop the
macros and everything onto the screen
and left over from that is like probably
one portion size and yet that's all four
so you could have like another meal out
of that for sure and then a hundred
grams of rice just the same as the
chilies well I think it's really handy
making sure you're measuring everything
just so you know exactly like what's in
each portion because it can be so used
to go like over in others and then you
just got like a mixture of portion sizes
so yeah I think scale is super handy
your meal prep in onto the last meal
which is a super simple pasta I'm using
this whole wheat fuel eat some sweet
corn and two tins of tuna chunks as well
as the lighter than like mayo and pepper
I love those because it's just super
quick and easy and so satisfying and I
really like it hot and cold and so I'm
weighing out 350 grams of opponents so
I'm boiling hot water and just putting
that on to cook for about seven or eight
minutes then I'm using two tins of the
John Rice tuna in spring water I would
prefer this one as it's less fat than
the ones in oil and then just draining
it in the sink and then it works out to
in four grams of tuna all together so
I'm just pouring that into one big
mixing bowl and then using 170 grams of
sweet corn and this is my suit faith I
absolutely love this meal ante and using
loads of is lighter than like mayo at
this mayo is so much lesser in calories
than other ones and I'm using 65 grams
which is like a really good generous
amount and then just using a sprinkling
of pepper this makes all the difference
in tuned pastor so yeah this is the last
meal the chin has great super high
protein and quickest and easiest
probably out of them all and also a nice
little lunch option and it's quite nice
hot or cold so that is the pasta
finished it's such a quick meal to just
whip up especially like if your meal
prep in there's just no excuses with
this woman because it takes like less
than 10 minutes to make the whole thing
and it's really filling and satisfying
then I'm using 150 grams or past it into
each container the whole grain pasta is
always like a better choice I think
because it is lowering calories and
carbs but it's higher in fiber and
nutrients and like just be careful with
your toppings and stuff because anything
like cream based sauces and cheeses
that's where you can really rack your
calories up and I know there's a huge
stigma around pasta and
you can't like lose weight eating
pasture and nothing which is the biggest
myth ever it is just generally down to
like the toppings that you put on it and
bump the calories up and then I'm
putting a hundred grams of tuna sweet
corn onto each portion and I've got four
portion sizes and then of course with
this as well you can pop it in the
freezer and like defrost it put it in
the fridge or I have it hot or cold so
yeah really really good meal and you can
spice things up as well like different
like peppers or any like seasonings on
top oh my goodness so there we have it
really really good yummy and high
protein at the very filling meal ideas
I've tried a bit of the chili and it's
absolutely so good but yeah super quick
and easy and yeah you can obviously
address the portion sizes like to suit
you and your macros and I'll make sure
everything's on the screen but I really
hope you enjoyed this video don't forget
to hit it with a thumbs up and subscribe
to my channel let me know if there's any
other meal prep videos you'd like to see
I was thinking of doing like a breakfast
edition next I be a thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you guys in
the next video